HOMEPAGE

Maia McCormick: Choral conductor, music educator, arts administrator, and chorister

Choral ensembles:
Williams College Elizabethans (co-director)
Basilica of St. Nicolaas
Williams College Concert Choir
Williams College Chamber Choir
Soloist with the Northern Berkshire Chorale

Contra
> brief bio
> calling history/gigs (with programs?)
> dances I've written
> video of me calling

Bio and resume

	Maia McCormick is a choral conductor, music educator, arts administrator, and chorister born and raised in New York City. She currently lives in Williamstown MA, where she is completing a degree in Music at Williams College. In addition to her coursework at Williams, she has studied choral conducting and vocal pedagogy at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam (spring semester of 2013) and music pedagogy at The Walden School's Teacher Training Institute[link] (summer of 2011), and studies voice with Kerry Ryer-Parke. Maia interned with the International Contemporary Ensemble (ICE) and New Music USA, and is well-versed in all aspects of arts administration. In addition to her musical and pedagogical life, Maia has a variety of miscellaneous skills. She has experience as a web designer, fiction editor, thespian and improv. comedian, theater techie, folk dance leader, and foodie.


Programming stuff

Me conducting / soundclips / performance demos
	- including my recital program? performance history?
	- repertoire I've conducted?

My compositions/arrangements

Writing samples? (Links to stuff online?)

JUST a page that says "contact" -- maia.mcc [at] gmail [dot] com






Maia McCormick ('14) is a music major originally from New York City. Her primary focus is choral conducting, which she has studied both at Williams and at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam. Her conducting positions on and around campus include: co-director of the Williams College Elizabethans (a Renaissance chamber group); student conductor of the Concert Choir; and conducting assistant to the Bennington Children's Chorus. When not making music, Maia can be found contradancing, asking people about their stories, and punning. She hopes to pursue a career in choral conducting, music education, or music administration.